=pod

=head1 NAME

dhcpstarv - DHCP starvation attack.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

dhcpstarv -h

dhcpstarv [-epv] -i IFNAME

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 8

=item B<-e>, B<--exclude>=I<ADDRESS>

Ignore replies from server with IP address I<ADDRESS>. This must be valid IP
address DHCP server include in replies as server ID. Usually this is a primary
IP address of interface which is connected to client's network segment.

=item B<-h>, B<--help>

Print help and exit.

=item B<-i>, B<--ifname>=I<IFNAME>

Send requests and receive responses on network interface I<IFNAME>.

=item B<-p>, B<--no-promisc>

Do not set network interface to promiscuous mode. Some servers send replies to
hardware address stored in DHCP options in spite of broadcast option presence,
in which case this option cause B<dhcpstarv> not to receive server replies.

=item B<-v>, B<--verbose>

Print verbose messages.

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION

DHCP starvation is attacking a DHCP server by sending a lot of requests to it.
This lead to server's address pool exhausting after which DHCP server is not
able to respond clients and give them new leases.

B<dhcpstarv> is tool that implements DHCP starvation attack. It requests DHCP
leases on specified interface, save them and renew on regular basis.

When a rogue DHCP server appear in network with DHCP infrastructure some clients
can get wrong network settings. Those rogue servers can be switched by users by
accident. The only solution to issue is to disconnect such server from network.
But it takes a lot of time to discover rogue server if network is complicated,
i.e. there are many network devices in it. As a temporary solution you can
attack rogue DHCP server until find and disconnect it from network.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2007 Dmitry Davletbaev

This program is licenced under GNU General Public License version 3.

This program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY. This is free software, and you
are welcome to redistribute it under certain conditions; see
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/> for details.

=cut

